# Best-practices-for-remote-learning-and-a-uncertain-school-year
Remote learning has commonly been accepted by teachers and students as the answer to the uncertainty the year has come with. While educators are trying to blend in seamless transformation between in-class and remote learning they’re trying to effectively retain engagement while continuing to teach remotely. Using digital classroom solutions offering consistent training schedules When students are given a consistent and transparent schedule, they are more likely to prioritise learning and make time for it in their schedule. This is especially important for remote learning, as scheduling may include ensuring appropriate home environments and an Internet connection with DigiVal minimal internet connectivity dependency effectively. Use classroom management solution best practices Make it engaging: Keep things interesting by asking questions that are relevant to an individual's experience, such as by conducting a survey. Use answers to spark discussion: Use students' responses as a jumping-off point for larger discussions, this gets students involved, learning from one another, and makes lesson time go faster. Applying physical classroom management presentation practices to remote learning Keep the momentum going: If you have a slide that cannot be read in 15 seconds or explained in one minute, divide it into several slides for better grasping. Maintain the enthusiasm: For a change of pace, change the content, change your tone of voice, or include audio or video. Consider adding a new slide transition here and there if you use them. Make use of or integrate different tools: Although PowerPoint has become the industry standard for delivering presentations, this does not imply that you must simply show one text-based slide after another. Consider using knowledge checks as a break activity. For instance, use your remote training platform to distribute a quiz or poll. Master online classroom management training technology Your learners will expect you to know what you're talking about, including the ins and outs of any technology you use for remote learning. So, take at least one dry run to become acquainted with the tools, commands, and shortcuts, and confirm how to do things like control the volume or post chat questions. This could be your last chance to catch issues like technology incompatibility. DigiVal seamlessly integrates and is personalised to give academicians and learners technology enriched learning solutions. So much has changed in education since covid-19 that even the definition of "blended learning" has shifted. Prior to the pandemic, a common explanation of blended learning was a combination of in-person and self-guided instruction with students in either a one-on-one or small group setting. Teachers were involved in some direct instruction, which included the use of technology. To know more:  https://digi-val.com/blog/Remote-learning-management
